Here's
the
honest
summary.
Clinical
training
makes
you
an
expert
in
care
delivery;
it
does
not
automatically
make
you
an
expert
in
**system
innovation**
--
and
that
gap
is
fixable.
Your
mission
in
this
module
is
to
strengthen
**process**,
**psychological
safety**,
and
**first-principles
thinking**
--
and
to
start
capturing
friction
you
see
every
week.
Upcoming
work
will
walk
you
toward
an
**Opportunity
Radar**
and
a
personal
**SWOT**
--
simple
tools
that
turn
passive
frustration
into
something
you
can
prioritize
and
test.
The
rest
of
the
journey
turns
those
seeds
into
plans,
pitches,
and
impact.
For
now:
notice
what
breaks
--
and
assume
you're
allowed
to
care.